OKTA-883116: Update Okta Browser Plugin version (#5386)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/submit-app-prereq/main/index.md

#### Configuration steps

> This section helps you define how your customers get setup with your integration. Detail all settings and include any images that can assist the user. Include any best practices for your procedure, such as SCIM guidance on mappings for attributes, especially required attributes that don't have a default mapping.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section helps you define how your customers get set up with your integration. Detail all settings and include any images that can assist the user. Include any best practices for your procedure, such as SCIM guidance on mappings for attributes, especially required attributes that don't have a default mapping.
```

Reviewer: Setup is a noun, set up is a verb
